could this be the perfect family pet
well considering that they're one of the
lowest ranking Barker's and they don't
have bad breath that's a pretty good
start and what's this about an egg they
have what's called a soft mouth take the
egg good boy I've actually seen these
dogs pick up two or three raw eggs in
their mouth at a time without breaking
often referred to simply as the golden
the golden retriever is one of the most
beloved dogs and it's always ranked high
among the most popular breeds golden
retrievers are right at the top as far
as a pet goes very versatile they are
one of the top pets that are welcomed
into homes today and there happens to be
a guy you can thank for this happy
dutiful pooch and he's got a funny name
Oh Lord tweed mouth or if you prefer his
given name sir dudley majora banks an
avid hunter Lord tweed mouth live near
the banks of the Loch Ness and it was
there where he developed a dog in the
1860s with a love for the water and a
desire to retrieve hey guys
well the tweed stir knock this one out
of the park
the American Kennel Club registered the
golden in 1925 and the breed flourished
through the 30s and 40s and has never
lost its popularity and if obedience is
your thing look no further they're
rocking the good behavior hardware
unique about the golden retriever is
they were the first ever akc obedience
trial it that's like Miss Manners for
dogs and organization recognizing an
excellent working relationship with
their owners stop they are so willing to
work for the people they're bonded with
they're just so ready to please their
families any guys you don't have to
bother saying fetch to these guys bred
as hunters to retrieve foul from water
and land they'll run tirelessly all day
come on Bravo good boy
Golden's are a big dog measuring around
22 inches in height and an average
weight of 65 pounds they sport a dense
water repellent coat with a good
undercoat and a rich shades of gold and
coloring a puppy's code is almost always
lighter than what it will be when it's
an adult looking at a puppy's ears are a
good indication of what color it will be
when it grows up these dogs love to chew
yep it's that soft mouth again bred to
carry water fowl during the hunt but
sometimes it goes a little too far some
bad reviews are taking a bite out of
their reputation aggression is now a
feature in some lines not the whole
breed but you got to watch out for it
and golden is actually a number three on
the national bike parade and what is an
epidemic of fights these days who's
number one and number two the German
Shepherds at one the chow-chow it too
and like its retriever alum the Labrador
it has webbed feet to aid in all that
paddling it loves to do but with all
that fetching and running the Golden
Retriever is prone to hip dysplasia a
joint disorder common to many large
breeds it's caused by a loss of
cartilage due to an abnormal formation
in the hip it can be quite painful and
requires proper medical attention
consult with your vet if you're golden
show signs of discomfort for environment
Golden's are versatile but it's a bigger
dog that requires activity I think the
nice thing about a golden retriever is
they're gonna adapt to anywhere if you
find an apartment as long as they got
worked you can put them on a farm they'd
have a blast hip dysplasia is common and
if not properly exercised these guys can
pack on the pounds there's also been a
problem with cancer in the breed
lymphosarcoma is a very common cancer in
golden retrievers so you want to make
sure that you get a good line grooming
wise you'll have to pay attention to
their coat good golden shippee greens
regularly that you know they need to be
brushed they need to get all the knots
taken out with a slicker brush golden
retrievers are extremely easy to train
they are more biddable than some other
breeds which means they're more eager to
please there's probably not a better pet
for the entire family but remember it
can be mouthy and a biter so train them
early to not bite this is not a guard
dog unless the intruder hates getting
licked every golden has its own unique
personality and traits but in general
Golden's are born to run and are
generally quite healthy keep that brush
handy and don't sweat the training and
you've got a great family dog they just
have a zest for life no matter what they
do they're just amazing dogs